# 1900 #
*	Directory 1: /home/s4-data/HCDMicro
*	Input Files: Files named 1900_STATE.txt
    *	NOTE: I don’t know the provenance of these files. They were generated in 2013. I am told they are the 
    raw 1900 files.
*	Script 1: 1_extractsplitcities.do
    *	Some state files are split up because their size was too much for earlier versions of Stata. This 
    script puts them back together.
*	Script 2: 2_extracttoR_rev.do
    *	Takes the state-level files, gets rid of some variables, exports pipe-delimited files for use in R. 
    Note that the global variable needs to be right for this to work properly.
*	Directory 2: /home/s4-data/LatestCities/1900
*	Script 3: DataPrep1900.R
    *	Reads in the text files generated by Script 2 and subsets the cities that are of interest to us and 
    writes those out as state level pipe-delimited files. Originally this script was also used to subset 
    variables but that is now done in Script 2. Does a little cleanup as well (removes duplicate rows, etc.) 
    Note that you need to check that the output of this step doesn’t have any spaces in it or subsequent 
    steps won’t work right, and that this is true of every year.
*	Directory 3: /home/s4-data/LatestCities/SIS
*	Script 4: gen_1900_extract.R
    *	Reads in the text files generated by Script 3. Does some variable generation and cleaning. Gets rid of 
    a lot of false positives and cleans up a lot of slop in some of the variables (no standardized city list 
    in 1900!) Generates the variables needed to generate the indices. Output is pipe-delimited 
    “revised_1900_extract.txt.” Note that there is a line in this script near the top that requires *manually* 
    setting the date so that it reads in the most recent input files. 
